Characters:

Davit: Is the hero, the son of a farmer who worked in the fields. Until the darkness had taken hold of the land. 
With it came the fear of the creatures that lurked about at night, with his Father's rusted dagger and cloak 
that protected him from the sun's bright rays. He is willing to put his life on the line to rid the lands and 
end this madness.

Dark Prince Lubok: Is the self-crowned ruler of the land. It is believed that he partook in a ritual sacrifice 
that gave him the ability to become the most powerful Wizard of all the world. For he craved the taste of human 
flesh, with his ability to infect the minds of those once loyal and loving villagers. He had made them into 
monsters who did his bidding. Upon the eclipse of Zorin, he wishes to appease the ancient Gods to live forever.

Skeletons: These once mortal remains of the loyal servants of the Prince and his family. They are now cursed to 
walk the many hallowed halls of the castle. Waiting to feast on the flesh of the living.

Ghosts: The spirits of those foolish enough to explore the crumbling remains of the castle in search of wealth. 
They will walk between walls and call out to those they believe are with them.

Hell Hounds: These mangled creatures are infested with the energy of Lubok. They exist solely as the eyes and 
ears of the Prince. They usually reside in the forest just outside of the castle. Still, it has been documented 
that that howl from out the windows.

Bats: They hide within the shadows and will do anything within their power to attack those they see as a threat. 
They feed on the blood of outsiders that dare to enter their domain.

Serpent: The lone survivors of an extinct species of snake that came from the tropical jungles of Central America. 
This strange creature was a gift to the Prince from a Knight after the ten-year war. Many have reported spotting a 
strange snake-like creature out in the farmer's fields that wait to feast on those foolish enough to cross its path.
